Update overview.md (#5052)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/try/overview.md

**Time:** ~55 minutes

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}

> If you don't have any hardware at hand, this set up lets you simulate a visual inspection system using a Gazebo simulation environment running in Docker. If you already have hardware, you can start setting up your machine at [app.viam.com](https://app.viam.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This try experience is intended for those who are interested in exploring Viam's capabilities in a guided tutorial. If you have hardware and are ready to build, you can start setting up your machine at [app.viam.com](https://app.viam.com).
```
